README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

make notes in README file

README.md, after:

## Student Information

```bash
Name - Oluwaseyi Fagun
Student ID - 22191878
Project Description - The Project (Cara Store) is an online Art Work Marketplace where people buy or sell their art works.
```

```bash
The web app consists of several functions:
i. Ability to either login manually or login with the Google Authentication Mechanism auto matically. The same goes for Registration
ii. Send feedback or contact web admin via the contact us page
iii. Creation of art work sale
iv. Add an artwork to wishlist
v.  Add to cart
vi. Implementation of stripe to finalise a transaction.
```

## Getting Started

```[1] First, install all the dependencies```

```bash
npm install
```

```[2] Run the development server:```

```bash
npm run dev
```

```[3] Open the link below in any browser of your choice ```

Open [http://localhost:3030](http://localhost:3030) with your browser to see the result.


```[4] Below are the sample of Strip card details to finalise the payment of an artwork ```

card number - 4242424242424242, CVC - any 3 digit, date - any future date


## To see the online deployed version of the project, visit the link below:

To explore the online version, visit: https://cara-store-chi.vercel.app/
